Reword "object safety" as "dyn compatibility" (#1512)
rust-lang/reference: src/glossary.md

Types that can be referred to by a path directly. Specifically [enums],
[structs], [unions], and [trait objects].

### Trait-object-safe traits

> [Traits] that can be used in `dyn Trait` types, and allow creation of
> [trait objects]. Only traits that follow specific [rules][object safety] are
> trait-object safe.
> 
> This is also called *object safety*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Traits] that can be used in [trait object types][trait objects] (`dyn Trait`). Only traits that follow specific [rules][dyn-compatibility] are dyn compatible.

Formerly known as *object safety*.
```

\+ updating the second part of the reference-style MarkDown link.

TC, let me know if you agree with my suggestion.

Reviewer 2: Looks about right.  Probably worth making a full sentence out of the last line, e.g. "These were formerly known as object safe traits".
